(magical music)
(air whooshing)
(logo jingling)
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
(worrisome music)
[Narrator] A crisis was
closing in on Tokyo.
And to make things
worse, the Digimon
known as Nidhoggmon appeared.
Fortunately, that's when
Omnimon also made a reappearance
and led the
Digi-destined to victory.
However, Sora and the
others were swallowed up
by a sudden storm and
vanished without a trace.
(ominous music)
[Devimon] Nidhoggmon,
that birth and death
shall become a foundation.
The path to reach
digivolution's end
will soon come within
reach of success.
Let them ring, the voices
of the outer world.
And now, that other
unexpected gift
that was brought upon by chance.
Bring it before me.
Izzy, come in.
Are you there?
Can you hear me?
Sora, Mimi?
Joe?
If any of you can hear
me, please respond.
Come in, guys.
Where are you?
They just disappeared.
(radio buzzing)
Yeah, I'm hearing you.
Who's there?
Come in.
Who is this?
[Izzy] Hello, hello?
Izzy here.
Hey, it's Izzy.
Izzy, it's me, Tai.
[Izzy] Tai?
Tai, it's Izzy.
(Matt sighing)
[Tai] (laughs) You're alive!
And the others?
(Agumon sighing)
[Izzy] Sora, Mimi, and Joe
are with me, they're okay.
What about Matt?
Matt's right here with me.
And so are Agumon and Gabumon.
So, where exactly are
you, anyway, Izzy?
Well, uh, that's the thing.
-(siren blaring)
-(people chattering)
We've come back.
We're back at home,
in the real Tokyo.
Huh?
What did he say?
(Agumon groaning)
(Gabumon gasping)
(gasps) Listen, Tai,
Tentomon, Biyomon, Palmon,
and Gomamon are all missing.
Are they there with you?
[Tai] No, they're
not here either.
(all sighing)
No way.
What in the world is going on?
Anyhow, I'll look into it.
Right. Let me know
what you find, Izzy.
[Izzy] But, Tai, what
about all of you?
Yeah, well, it seems
pretty clear to me
that we need to get a move on
and find the Celestial Digimon.
So then, we all just
keep following the route,
like we did before.
Straight ahead.
[Izzy] Understood.
[TV Host] And so the
mysterious countdown ended
just as mysteriously as the
city's power was restored.
However, the after-effects of
the prolonged power failure
continue to be felt as well
as a sense of confusion.
Seems like nobody's
noticed anything.
So, do you think we've really
come back to our own world?
Uh-huh, it's not
a fake this time.
This is real.
We've come back
to our own world.
(Joe sighing)
And where did you
run off to, Joe?
To the police station.
I told them how Tokyo
was in big trouble.
I told them all about
it. Everything.
Gave 'em a full report,
like a responsible citizen.
[Both] Huh?
But I couldn't get 'em
to take me seriously.
They told me I should just
go home and go to bed.
It doesn't matter if
you tell them the truth,
they still won't believe you.
Huh?
[Izzy] There's false
rumors and misinformation
all over the internet.
So what do we do, then?
Clearly, we're
just going to have
to manage by ourselves for now.
The first thing we have to do
is to find Tentomon
and the others.
Huh?
Hi, Kari.
Hi, Tai's mom.
Hello, Sora.
What are you doing here?
Oh, uh, well, I was just...
Quite a disaster, wasn't it?
All the power going out.
And all that traffic.
Oh, hey, this is
actually perfect.
You can watch Kari and the cat,
just while I go get my car.
Thanks.
-(Sora groaning)
-(cat meowing)
Well then, let's get moving.
We don't have much to
go on right now except
for the direction
Ogremon showed us,
but at least that's something.
Yeah, you're right.
Let's go, then.
Yeah.
-(ground rumbling)
-(all gasping)
Hmm, hey, look.
(anxious music)
(all gasping)
[Minotarumon]
Digimon and humans.
So these are the ones.
The so-called Digi-destined.
(laser guns whizzing)
-Nope.
-Time to run.
(all panting)
Hey, let's get
behind that building.
(tense music)
(both gasping)
[Minotarumon] We weren't told
what we should do with them.
So elimination it is.
(Tai groaning)
(Matt groaning)
(ground thumping)
(uplifting music)
(Leomon whooshing)
-Huh?
-What?
(Leomon growling)
(explosion booming)
Hmm.
(laser guns whizzing)
(both groaning)
(Leomon growling)
(blade whooshing)
That should do it.
You all right?
Yeah, fine.
[Leomon] Get on.
Huh?
You can call me Leomon.
Leomon?
We'll withdraw for now.
(feet stomping)
(both munching)
Thanks a lot.
Both for saving us back
there and feeding us.
I'm assuming you two
of the human children
that Neemon spoke of?
Huh?
Neemon, is he?
They are all safe.
They were taken in by our
troops and are being cared for
at the refugee camp now.
I see.
These dire threats
and strange anomalies
that are endangering
the Cloud Continent,
there's a dark force
behind them all.
One that lures evil to his side
and gives that evil
even more power.
This dark force has a name.
Devimon.
Devimon?
I wonder if that's the same one?
(anxious music)
Devimon.
[Leomon] It's Devimon's
followers we're fighting.
What about that big one
you and your guys attacked,
what was that?
Oh, that.
It's called Bulbmon.
The crowd leading the Large
Transporter Digimon you saw
is also in contact with Devimon.
(electrical buzzing)
They were searching
this area for something,
and they found it.
We know this because our
scouts have been tracking them
and tapping into
their communications.
It's clear that whatever
it is that they found
has something to do with
the Celestial Digimon.
-Huh?
-The Celestial Digimon?
(both gasping)
We don't know exactly what it is
but since Devimon wants
it, we have to find it.
And that's exactly what
we were trying to do
when we launched that surprise
attack against them just now.
But then you had
to save us instead.
Don't worry about that.
We'll have another chance.
-Leomon.
-Hmm?
You have got to let
us come with you.
If this cargo they're
carrying is related
to the Celestial Digimon,
we have to go after it too.
That's right.
We've come all this
way because we have
to see the Celestial Digimon.
There will be danger.
Are you ready to face it?
-Oh, you bet.
-Hmm-uh.
Are we ready?
We're never not ready.
(heroic music)
I understand.
Very well.
Let's ride.
[Both] Right.
(feet stomping)
(air whooshing)
(tense music)
There it is.
(metal clanging)
All right, what's the plan?
As soon as we break in
and make a commotion,
most of them will go rushing
to protect their special cargo.
They'll lead us right to it.
Sounds like a plan.
Here we go (growls).
(Leomon grunting)
(Leomon whooshing)
It's go time.
We should head toward
the lower decks.
(laser guns whizzing)
[Matt] Gabumon.
(upbeat music)
[Gabumon] Gabumon
digivolve to...
(upbeat music)
[Garurumon] Garurumon.
-Hop on, Agumon.
-Yeah.
Ready?
[Agumon] Here we go.
(laser guns whizzing)
[Agumon] Pepper Breath.
[Garurumon] Howling Blaster.
[Leomon] The Digi-destined.
It has always been a name heard
only in the ancient legends.
To think there would come a day
when I would actually meet them.
A digivolve caused by the bond
between human and Digimon.
Does this mean the destiny
of the Digital World
is about to be drastically
changed forever?
(laser guns whizzing)
(Leomon grunting)
(sword whooshing)
I'll take the ones in back.
[Garurumon] Sounds like a plan.
(Garurumon growling)
[Minotarumon] Leomon, huh?
His target must be
our special cargo.
In that case...
(door whizzing)
(Tai gasping)
Just in time for the party.
And it looks like we're
the guests of honor.
No matter.
(Leomon groaning)
(sword whooshing)
Almost too easy.
This is only some
kind of storage.
It's further down.
(Tai grunting)
[Minotarumon] I've
been waiting for you,
Leomon, the sword wielder.
(tense music)
[Leomon] Minotarumon.
So you're in command
of this transport unit?
Digi-destined.
[Both] Huh?
The cargo we seek
is probably inside
that container in
the center there.
I'll keep Minotarumon busy,
that'll be your chance.
(Tai gasping)
Don't worry, Digi-destined, I
have a playmate for you too.
-Bullmon.
-(tense music)
(feet stomping)
Agumon.
(upbeat music)
[Agumon] Agumon digivolve to...
[Greymon] Greymon.
(Greymon growling)
(Greymon groaning)
Huh?
You fool, the fight
has already started.
Well, in that case, I'll
just knock you out cold.
(both grunting)
I'll leave Bullmon to you.
Right, we're on it.
Let's go.
(feet stomping)
(Greymon groaning)
[Matt] Go, Garurumon.
(Garurumon roaring)
[Leomon] Minotarumon, what
is it you hope to gain
by turning to the dark side?
(sword clanging)
[Minotarumon] Power.
The kind of power only
Devimon can create.
It will change everything
about us Digimon.
It will change the
entire Digital World.
(Minotarumon growling)
Earthquake Drill.
(ground rumbling)
(Leomon groaning)
(sword clanging)
(both grunting)
Leomon.
[Greymon] Tai, look out.
Huh?
Garurumon.
(feet stomping)
(Tai gasping)
Watch out, Matt.
Come get us, if you can.
(upbeat music)
We're coming.
(singing in Japanese)
(ground rumbling)
Greymon, let's do this.
[Greymon] Okay.
(Greymon roaring)
(Tai yelling)
[Greymon] Nova Blast.
Yes.
That's enough.
It's time we ended
this fight as well.
(sword clanging)
Let's finish it
using fists alone.
Fine.
You think you can
beat my iron arm?
Even with that fabled
Fist of the Beast King?
(both grunting)
Earthquake Drill.
[Leomon] Fist of the Beast King.
(Minotarumon groaning)
[Minotarumon]
Earthquake (gasps).
(growls) Fist of the Beast King.
-(upbeat music)
-(Minotarumon groaning)
(Minotarumon thudding)
I have more than one fist.
A new power.
The era of a new kind of
digivolve is approaching.
At your level, none of you
will survive what's coming.
[Matt] So, do you
think this is related
to the Celestial
Digimon, or what?
We'll see.
Let's have a look at that cargo.
-(sword clanging)
-(sword whooshing)
(Tai gasping)
(Matt gasping)
(anxious music)
[Matt] TK.
(upbeat music)
♪ We're falling rapidly
♪ Are we gonna lose it all?
♪ What is it you're
waiting for? ♪
♪ The headwind's signaling
♪ That we better
give this our all ♪
♪ Believe and push forward
♪ Is this the strength
we've been looking for? ♪
♪ Is this the reason we need
to kick down the door? ♪
♪ Is the seed of failure
sprouting into wings? ♪
♪ Does the past
decide the future? ♪
♪ So if you hope
to see a rainbow ♪
♪ You need to open
up your eyes ♪
♪ Take a helping
hand and understand ♪
♪ That it's time you realize
♪ If you wanna make
your dreams reality, ♪
♪ It may not be easy
♪ Just take a breath
and take a chance ♪
♪ Next thing you know,
♪ You're a shining
beacon in the sky ♪
[Izzy] The Digimon Encyclopedia.
Ikkakumon.
This Digimon evolves
from Gomamon.
The Harpoon Torpedo Attack's
horn can regenerate infinitely.
Consecutive shots
can be fired too.
Now, let's check this out.
Ikkakumon can make his red claws
emit blisteringly
high heat at will.
But I wonder, can the
temperature be adjusted?
And if so, could I use them
to warm up my bento box?
Which Digimon will
it be next time?
[Narrator] Matt puts his
life on the line to save TK.
And the Celestial Digimon
makes an appearance at last.
[Tai] Next time, "The
Seventh One Awakens".
[Narrator] The adventure
continues to a new world.